# Day 4
 __12/03/2020__

 ## What is the purpose of wire-framing?
 The purpose of wire-framing is to plan the appearance of a webpage before getting into HTML. Wire-framing has been especially useful to me as a new developer, as it helps me stay organized. It's also interesting to see how I occasionally make decisions during wire-framing that I decide against while in the process of making a site function in code. I also use wire-frames to organize my Bootstrap grid as well as the general layout.

 ## What are the different levels of detail in wire-frames and why is each one useful? 
 Wire-frames are split into low fidelity and high fidelity in terms of detail. Low fidelity wire-frames give a broad idea of the layout, color, and heirarchy of a page. Smaller elements may not even be broken into all their components on a low fidelity wire frame. Low fidelity wire-frames should be easier to create and take less time, and they will leave more room for decision making further down the road of development. High fidelity wire-frames give a much more precise and specific picture of the end-goal for developing a website. They may specify what types of content go where, exactly how parts of the webpage function, and break down the page to just about every element. High fidelity wire-frames will be more time-consuming than low fidelity wire-frames, just because more detail needs to be added, and more decisions need to be made. High fidelity wire-frames can be useful for more complex web pages, where using a wire-frame as a reference will expedite the work of development. High fidelity wire frames might be essential when the requirements for a webpage are more specific than usual; if page heirarchy and ad placement were to have very specific requirements, a high fidelity wire-frame will help the page development meet those standards.

## Do you think wire-frames are worth the Time, Energy, and Effort that they require? Why or Why not?
Absolutely. Good code starts with good planning, and the development of a quality webpage is no exception. The most important consideration is how detailed a wire-frame is needed. It is not unlikely that making a very high fidelity wire-frame could end up being time wasted. For example, if the developer(s) have a strong understanding of how the details of the page should be laid out, a high fidelity wire-frame could be unnecessary. Furthermore, it is not impossible for some decisions made during a high fidelity wire-frame to be overturned by developers, or outside forces, during development. The question isn't *if* you should wire-frame, but *how* you should wire-frame.